#summary Information about the configurable options.
<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= Introduction =

DoneYet supports several runtime configuration options.  They are changeable via a text file named "config" placed in the user's .todo directory.  Configuration sections are preceded by `[SECTION_NAME]`.

==Colors==
All color options have the following potential values:
  * black
  * red
  * green
  * yellow
  * blue
  * magenta
  * cyan
  * white
  * terminal - This is the terminal's default color.

=Configuration Sections=
==General Options==
The following options can be found under the `GENERAL` section.
  * `foreground_color`
  * `background_color`
  * `header_text_color` - The color for column headers and text input box headers.

==Task Options==
The following options can be found under the `TASKS` section.
  * `unstarted_color` - The color of an unstarted task.
  * `in_progress_color` - The color of a task in progress.
  * `paused_color` - The color of a paused task.
  * `finished_color` - The color of a completed task.
  * `prompt_on_delete` - Whether or not to prompt for confirmation when deleting a task.

==Menu Options==
The following options can be found under the `MENUS` section.
  * `bar_foreground_color`
  * `bar_background_color`
  * `unselected_item_foreground_color`
  * `unselected_item_background_color`
  * `selected_item_foreground_color`
  * `selected_item_background_color`

= Example Configuration =
The following configuration file would set the foreground color to green, and the background color to whatever color the terminal is currently set to.
{{{
[GENERAL]
foreground_color = green
background_color = terminal
}}}
